SSX has always been about insane
over-the-top tricks and high-speed
racing action but new to the series is
our third gameplay pillar survive it
each mountain range and region possesses
its own unique deadly descent that
you'll have to conquer and here are our
tips to getting through the most
treacherous courses to survive an
avalanche like this one in Alaska you'll
need to upgrade your armor this will
allow you to take more hits and survive
longer
the reverse camera brings a whole new
dimension to this track use this camera
angle to help decipher where the
Avalanche is coming from plot the safest
route down the mountain
form tricks whenever you get big air and
use your boost as soon as you land
remember that your pilot is there to
help you so crank up the volume listen
to their instructions and watch for the
messages in the snow to avoid proboscis
and find the safest way down in
Patagonia it's all about surviving those
big gaps so you'll need a wingsuit
that's up to the job these will keep you
in the air longer and give you better
lift which is essential since some of
the gaps you jump will be hundreds of
feet apart
look out for yellow flares and fly logos
in the snow this will let you know when
huge jumps are coming up and require the
use of a wingsuit time your jumps
correctly and make sure you give
yourself enough room to land
having a week also opens up a world of
new possibilities in SSX once you have
one you can go back and find new routes
and possible short cuts all over the
globe
New Zealand off is one of the toughest
deadly descents in SSX even with high
impulse goggles it's tough to see more
than five feet in front of me
you need to make sure you stay in
control and concentrate on taking a safe
line rather than going for big tricks
once again the pilot can help you so
listen for instructions and follow the
flare paths down the mountain keep a
keen eye on the contour of the track and
try and see what type of terrain awaits
you further down the mountain
darkness is your enemy in Africa so a
headlamp for this track is a must and
your Rider and headlamp down the track
to give yourself an idea of where you
need to go what dangers lay ahead over
spinning is going to leave you in the
dark so limit that you can also use your
headlamp and the light coming off the
magma to help guide you through the
course much like New Zealand taking a
safe route is much more important than
hitting big tricks if you are
approaching the ridge sections with lava
pits on either side be sure to hold the
bride button so if you beer off the path
you would catch the edge and grind your
way to safety
having a good thermal suit is essential
when you're facing the cold of
Antarctica so try to upgrade before you
start your run
once you've hit the mountain the key to
survival is staying in the light avoid
shadows and tunnels as much as possible
and if you do get stuck in a shady spot
try and get out as soon as possible
using your boost or grind rails before
you freeze to death
now that you have a taste for danger see
if you have what it takes to survive the
other deadly descents SSX has to offer
rated nine out of ten are better from
over 25 gaming critics SSX is available
now grab your copy and i'll see you on
the slopes stay tuned until next week
when we give you tips and tricks on the
gear of SSX